What is Pro Weaver? Pro Weaver
is a custom web design web
development and digital marketing
company with excellent years
of productive experience in
the industry since it was founded
in two thousand and five. We
specialize in helping thousands
of small to medium sized
businesses worldwide to establish
their brand online through
a variety of digital platforms.
We take pride in
the affordability, speed,
and dependability of delivering
our services. What is our vision?
To be the world's number one
provider of website design and
digital marketing services catering to
small businesses. What is our mission?
To build a reputation of
dependability in delivering fast and
affordable services to our
clients to support the Filipino
workforce by creating stable and
meaningful jobs and to boost
the personal and career
growth of our employees.
What are our values to do the right
thing the right way with integrity,
competence, and professionalism
to pursue us in all our endeavors
and to promote a culture of innovation.
What are our website services?
Business starter kit, website packages,
website redesign, website bundle,
and e commerce. What are our
graphics design and video services?
Custom graphic design, promotional
materials, video production,
logo animation, and
digital business card.
What are our digital marketing
services, social media management,
search engine optimization, Facebook
management, blog management,
email management, and
business profile management.
What are our
advertising services?
Facebook ads management,
and Google ads management.
What are our hosting and
maintenance services?
Web hosting and maintenance
and premium web hosting.
What are our other services? Customer
support services, employee and service,
and online booking system.